Yo
How do you understand Xiaoxue?
Xiaoxue, this is not the place you should be
Xiaoxue, I'm not talking about you.
That's the Governor's Palace
It's not a place where any Ngawang dog can come
How can you talk like that?
Why can't I be here?
Xiaoxue takes office today as the new governor
Those who came to attend the banquet were all dignitaries in Haicheng
What is your identity?
You didn't come here?
Light Snow
Don't have to know them in general
It's getting late
Let's go to the party first
I'll bet you.
They'll be stopped in no time
People of their status
Forget about attending the party
Even lifting shoes for the Governor is not enough
Stop, please check
We didn't ask for it.
I can't enter without a request for inspection.
We don't need to check
Your new Wang Hai is my subordinate
How dare you call your new ancestor's name?
Go away hahaha
Ouch! Didn't you hear what he said?
He actually said that Xin is always his subordinate
Wow! Are you crazy?
They are deliberately trying to climb high branches
I know that the governor of the king has a prominent status
Want to climb relatives?
Yes, I know you are afraid that you will not be able to climb
What level of person is Mr. Wang?
What level of people are they?
That Wang Zu would even look at them
Are you finished yet?
Hey, let's not say it yet
What's the matter, don't you just want to climb high branches?
But let me tell you something.
Want to enter the governor
The people in the mansion are all people of high society
you
Don't be mature?
Cousin, you open your mouth to a high society
Shut up a high society
So what has your family achieved?
Take it out and let me see you
Ouch, I said it so I was afraid it would scare you to death.
My husband is a commercial officer in Haicheng today
Deeply blessed by Wang Zu
Why are you afraid?
Yes, and Ancestor Wang also said
After a while
I want to promote my son-in-law
Then I will see that you will be tall all your life
I can't stand it, okay, wife
Don't have to know them in general
Few people are better than your husband
Husband, you are so excellent
Enough my husband
He is more capable than any of you
You are not allowed to be crowned